PIZZA FUN
Place for fun and Pizza


"People all around the places love to eat pizza but never get to understand satisfactory taste for it. We got a lot variations in pizza makings and their combinations.We got levels of toppings available with different layering of cheese and bread.
You decide and we make, so we got different combinations for different kind of people." This is our main advertising goal with people all around places and we interact with our customers to understand their nature of eating and categories their prefer with different variables like time of the day and the number of party they are bringing with them. We are concerned with our sales with distribution of our own combinations and then we find how it can be optimize with other parameters. We decided to make some changes with few customers and find out different patterns in our collected data. There are not very correlated data but we do have found something around pizza combinations and we do provide customers some options to select from. It really increase sales and the distributions of different pizza combinations optimizes.

There are variability of taste with different people and there is not one specific perfections in it. We design our menu as specified by people or we can say for the people, by the people. We select parameters which are specific to people and let people decide what they want. We see through this we provided a large number of satisfaction to the people for their taste.So from there we come up with this change that people gonna decide their combination with their own base pizza taste. We find pattern in eating of people during different day time like few people prefer onion over cheese one during lunch and this relation does not hold true during dinner. In dinner people tend to like capsicum with onion. On weekends, people come with large number of party and tend to order larger pizza. This data could be very helpful and could exponentially increase our small business to stable one.

We collect data and analyze data of our competitors like PizzaHub and PizzaZone. They provide similar but not so effective solutions to this inference. They provide offers on weekends with other supplementary eatables with variations of prices which is helpful in bringing price into range and making them realize that they are in profit. They have small offers in week days and support it with some other variations in price. 

We are in competition with them and referring to last month selling, we are about same profit as they are. I would like to request to implement some new changes in accordance with our data analysis and inference. This could highly benefit our small business.

Sincerely,
John Winston


